oh yeah I learned in this with TV
community member if you love learning
and laughing with TV series then be sure
to sign up for our free three-part mini
course covering the funniest friend
scene ever just click on the Box in the
top right corner today's lesson covers
the great scene from friends if you
enjoy this scene make sure you let us
know with the like and also we'd love to
hear what your favorite TV series is in
the comment box below
[Music]
keep the change thanks Lucy sure you
don't want a pretzel no I'm fine thanks
see ya no I know I opened it up and
there was just floating in there like
this tiny little hitchhiker
Oh maybe it's a contest you know like
collect all five does anyone want to see
this is so unfair so I have a flaw big
deal like Joey's constant knuckle
cracking isn't annoying and Ross with
his over pronouncing every single word
and Monica with that snort when she
laughs I mean what the hell is that
thing I accept all those flaws why can't
you accept me for this there's a knuckle
cracking bother everybody well I I could
live without it was it like a little
annoying or is it like when Phoebe chews
her head don't listen to him Pheebs all
right I think it's endearing oh you do
do you
you know there's nothing wrong with
speaking correctly indeed there isn't I
should really get back to work yeah
otherwise someone might get what they
actually ordered well ah ha ha the hair
comes out and the gloves
keep the change
keep the change changes the money
returned when a payment is more than the
amount requested sometimes it's an act
of courtesy or a tip when we ask the
person to not bother to give us the
change the phrase we use is keep the
change
sure you don't want a pretzel sure sure
you don't want a pretzel a pretzel is
the type of baked bread product made
from dough most commonly shaped into a
twisted not thumb a thumb is the short
thick finger on the side of your hand I
opened it up and there it was just
floating in there like this tiny little
hitchhiker a hitchhiker is someone
trying to get a ride in a passing
vehicle by holding out his arm with his
thumb up the humor here is that Phoebe
found an actual thumb in her soda drink
maybe it's a contest you know like
collect all five a contest is a
competition to find out who is the best
at something collect all five Chandler
refers to the common practice by soda
brands to launch collectible advertising
campaigns this is when for example
coca-cola Pepsi or another brand
distributes different things for people
to collect like stickers or little toy
cars
Chandler's joke is that maybe this time
the contest is to get all five real
human fingers put something out in this
scene it can barely be heard when Monica
says put that out meaning of this
phrasal verb is to extinguish a
cigarette or a fire for example they
were able to put the fire out before it
got out of control this is so unfair
unfair which is the opposite of fair is
a situation in which someone isn't
treated equally as others or in a way
that's just for example it's unfair that
you got the promotion because there are
a few people who deserved it more than
him big deal
flaw is a defect or weakness and one's
character it's the opposite of virtue
for example her biggest flaw is that she
can sometimes be really narcissistic or
think that she's the center of the
universe
a big deal is something considered to be
important either in a positive or
negative sentence for example when he
decides to quit smoking that's going to
be a big deal in this situation Chandler
is using it ironically are sarcastically
meaning the exact opposite like so what
or what's the problem
for example I'm late big deal it's not
like I always am melodica with that
snort when she laughs to snort is to
make an involuntary noise with your nose
sometimes because of laughing too hard
for example why can't you accept me for
this as wide shoes as why can't you
accept me for this there's nothing
cracking bother everybody the knuckles
are the joints of the fingers which are
brought into prominence when the hand is
clenched and a fist is made knuckle
cracking is the act of pulling bones
apart to release air bubbles in the
joints to bother is to annoy or irritate
someone for example the constant barking
of the neighbor's dog is starting to
bother me I could live without it I
could live without it is nice and subtle
way to say that you don't like something
you can also say I'm not a big fan of or
I don't care for something for example
if someone asks you do you like country
music and you don't like it you can say
I could live without it and Phoebe chews
her head Phoebe chews ur head Phoebe
chews her head to chew is to bite on
something repeatedly with the teeth
don't listen to him Pheebs all right I
think it's endearing endearing is
something that makes a person liked by
others often something unique or
different for example her cheerful
personality is very endearing indeed
there isn't indeed is used to confirm an
agree with something that has just been
said especially with the purpose of
emphasizing such confirmation or
agreement for example he's a very hard
worker indeed yeah they actually ordered
well he's being sarcastic
rachel is actually a bad waitress and
she doesn't do a good job of bringing
customers what they want
ah haha the hair comes out the gloves
the hair comes out and the gloves come
on Rachel's joke is an allusion or
reference to boxing
Phoebe like a boxer puts on gloves to
throw in this case verbal punches or
insults
[Music]
keep the change thanks Lizzy sure you
don't want a pretzel no I'm fine thanks
see ya know I know I opened it up and
there it was just floating in there like
this tiny little hitchhiker
I made it's a contest you know like
collect all five does anyone want to see
this is so unfair so I have a flaw big
deal like Joey's constant knuckle
cracking isn't annoying and Ross with
his over pronouncing every single word
in Monica with that snort when she
laughs I mean what the hell is that
thing
I accept all those flaws why can't you
accept me for this does the knuckle
cracking bother everybody well I I could
live without it was it like a little
annoying or is it like when Phoebe chews
her head don't listen to him Pheebs all
right I think it's endearing oh you do
do you
you know there's nothing wrong with
speaking correctly indeed there isn't I
should really get back to work yeah
otherwise someone might get what they
actually ordered well ah ha ha the hair
comes out and the gloves
[Music]